glory to God, save this stranger.
And He said unto them unto Him, Arise, go thy way thy faith has made thee own.
Amen.
So this morning we are retaining glory to God for keeping us alive, for seeing us through the weak.
Hallelujah.
Whether or not 10 that we're cleansed, where are the rest of the night?
So we are deciding this morning to give glory to God by giving him thanks, amen.
Why don't you lift your hands wherever you are and just open your mouth and bless his name?
Malo, shi de bebir abi, zeran amalando, rhod abi ke jalabaliya.
Wara me me mino, saual abi ke jal oa gassali agabala.
Wether no tan that we're cleansed.
One of the rest of the nine, shi de marama, malolle, acilo, magalia.
Sora ma manine le me jigobaradico salamallahu.
Open your mouth and pray and thank him.
Chigalahu, chigalahu, chigalahu.
Shinda maramine la bakiso.
Whether or not nine that were saved, while at the rest, chigalamaba, chigolambra, mele mezi de barra bado gozelia.
Whether or not 10 that were saved.
Whether or not 10 that raised up.
Chiloma, malamalia.
Soramamalabikebe.
Go ahead and give him funds wherever you are.
Open your mouth now, just give him funds.
We have returned this morning to give him glory.
Chighele, Malama, Salamo, Chigola.
Maramanino Salawike.
Chibaranino, Chibaranino, Chibaranino.
Moramide Bezali.
Hoa Jabra.
Soni Valandia.
Whether or not 10, that we're cleanse.
One of the rest of the nine.
Chiba Raman Baradillo.
We have retained to give you glory.
Glory for keeping us alive.
Glory for giving us your mighty spirit.
Glory for saving us.
Lift your hands all over the place and just give it thanks.
Mandolo si kebera mina la dozala.
Chigamara mambo seli ajago baladi.
Wara mamanine, sarama mambaeci.
This is the best pants.
It's a Thanksgiving pants.
We have retained to keep glory to God.
Lord, we have retained this morning to give you glory.
Just open your mouth and give him thanks.
Jesus is expecting your thanksgiving this morning.
Whether no tender were cleansed, whether no tender were healed, whether no tender were forgiven, where are the rest of the nine?
Cheleira, Soga Bajillo, Mambra, Sile, Maasambra, Bajambra, Lohribade, Soba Ramani Mala, Go ahead, Go ahead, Go ahead, Go ahead, Go ahead, Go ahead, Just give him thanks.
Chele Malandia, Malamína Salamalu, Malamína Salagawa, Sochile Wannawa, our Mameño Chalawa, Sondadredia, Wanda Mambisa, Wanda Mambisa, Wanda Mambisa, Wanda Bizala, they are not found.
That's pretend to glory.
To give glory to God.
They are not found.
That pretend to give glory.
That pretend to give glory to God.
This morning, we are giving Him glory.
Glory for keeping us alive.
Glory for saving us.
Jesus.
Lift your voice, give it thanks.
Chima la mande, wari mo de bonia.
Chido lo mo, Chido lo mo, Chido lo mo, Chido lo mo, Lori bezandawa, wara mime nenia naba.
Sola mime de mein, wara mica salia.
We have returned this morning, so give you all the glory.
Chiba ramanawa, wara mime chiba rana, wosaloa na mechida.
Lori bezde bezalia.
Wauchike, La Machenda, Wara Minigelia, Lorebede Bezalia, Lorebede Bezalia, Lorebede Bezalia, Lorebede Bezalia, Chiba Rana Mana, Lorebede Masala, Where the no tender were cleansed, Where the no tender were healed, Where the no tender were saved, Where are the rest of the nine?
There are not found one to keep glory.
We are returned this morning to keep glory to God for salvation.
For divine protection, go ahead and thank Him.
Machiba Ramallah, if you can lift your hands, it will be more powerful.
My God, Shilah Masalia, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami nimijay, warrami
We're a minechiga.
We have pretend to keep glory to God.
Shiloh Azalea, we are not forgetful of the blessing of salvation.
We are not forgetful of the blessing of provision.
We are not forgetful of the blessing of divine protection.
We have pretend to send the morning to keep glory to God.
Shiloh Allah Washi.
Wari Minajah.
The prayer is thanksgiving.
The prayer is times given.
This is the prayer.
We are thanking Him.
We are giving Him glory.
Shilah wa lah.
Wa chichi cho lonamilisa.
Solide vediyasata.
Wa chichi ke brandizala.
Wethernal hundred that got married.
Wethernal rest of the 99.
Chivirina wa lama chigo.
Wreda salabiga.
Wethernal ten that got married.
Wethernal rest of the 9.
Machibéry, Machibély, where there not ten that gave back.
Where are the rest of the nine?
Lord, we have returned this morning to give you all the glory.
Shilola, Badia, Sandilo, Machigo, where there not ten that were mysteriously saved from an accident.
Where are the rest of the nine?
Come on, lift your hands and just give them thanks.
Chichi, Tola.
When you return to thank him,
It shows that you are giving glory to God.
Lord Ramasile Mejiba Ramadila.
Lord Mejiba Ramadila.
Whether no tender has prospect.
Where are the rest of the nine?
We have pretend this morning to give you glory.
Shilohala Wasala.
Lord Deji.
Manamajila.
Nothing else but giving you thanks.
And he said unto him, Arise, call thy way, thy fate hath met thee whole.
The one who retends to keep glory is the one who's met whole.
I should call on God, and I should give Him thanks.
He is making you whole.
Machiba Ramanala, wa Ramijila, wa Salwa, kabaliya, wa Rivejaliya daba, wa Rivebaliya, the one who retends to keep glory, the one who retends to thank Him is the one that is made whole.
Why don't you go ahead, let's your voice cry out to God and thank Him.
Nina, Nina, Nina, Chiba.
We have just given him thanks.
We have returned this morning to give him all the glory.
What am I'm in a lady?
Machida Bay, Machida Bay, Machida Bay, Machida Bay.
Whether or not 10 that we're here, where are the rest of the line?
Shida or Landa, Shida da da da da da, lo di vida.
Join the town's given group.
Join the town's given Christians.
La San de Bezaloa, Ociga la Mawa,
Le di zala, Le di zala, Le di zala, Le di zala, So ka chikou, Lori menenemenia, Open your mouth and speak and dance wherever you are, All over the place, Chae le menenemala, The best way to give tanks, Is to speak and dance, The best way to give tanks, Is to speak and dance, For a thou very leap, Give that tanks well, Chilo Machaloa,
We're living in the sanding.
Shiloh Saloa, Shiloh Saloa, Shiloh Saloa, Shiloh Saloa, Machigela Mawa, Lohra Menisadia, Wapiceki, Wapiceki, Wapiceki, Lohmeen Sala, Lohmeele, Wampiliasa, Sonamachila, Lohra Menelia, Wampigela, Wampigala, Wampigala, We have retained Lord, We have retained Lord, We have retained Lord,
From our troubles, Jesus, we are pretend to give you glory.
We are pretend to give glory to God.
Jesus, just go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Lord, am I sabbadiah?
for thy faith has met thee whole, because you're a 10, to keep glory to God.
Your faith is making you whole.
Your times given is making you whole.
Lord, she won a walla.
Your finances have been made whole.
Jesus, Lord, amen.
Because you gave him thanks for your health.
He is making you whole.
Shiloh, Alalia.
Wara-ma-machalia.
Lord, thisalia.
Alalia-de-kachila.
Wachima-lamala.
It is those who return to give glory to God.
Who I made whole.
Shale in our land here.
Go ahead.
Machiba de Mauose.
What a mimeche.
Sondila.
Sogapice.
Soline.
Wasila.
La Wachilo.
You are made whole.
You are made whole by your thanksgiving.
As you keep glory to God, shi de le mala, shi cola machilo.
Chima la mala, me chiba lea, la chiba la dea, la chiba la dea, la chiba la dea.
You are the thoughts that everyone will attempt to keep glory.
Me chiba, namacilo, la dea sande, sun depe kechi, rati selya, rola meselya, rachila bah, nanchilo mana,
Be part of the 10% of Christians who give thanks.
You would have thought that everyone will come and give thanks.
You would have thought that everyone will return to give glory to God.
But not so.
Only one out of 10.
Return to give glory to God.
Decide this morning to be part of that 10%.
Who retains to give glory to God.
That's how you are made whole.
By your clamps giving, my goodness, Chino-a-la-disega, what she killin' in wah, la-mines-a-ndilega-cha, la-ri-de-se-go-chiga-chala, chiga-chiga-chiga-chiga-chiga, la-chima-na-a-chala-ya, la-ri-be-ga-sa, son-di-ba-la, son-di-ba-la, what ami-me-na-la, la-ri-be-da-ya, we are retained law, we are retained law, we are retained law,
for our journeys we have retained.
Jesus, to give glory to God, to give glory to God.
We have returned to give glory to God.
We have found here this morning, and we are giving you glory.
Glory for all that you have done.
Glory for increasing us.
Glory for saving us.
Glory for passing us.
Jesus, we will not leave that dance given to strangers.
My goodness, there are not found
That return to give glory to God.
Save this stranger.
Mo Chi Velenemelia.
Mo Chi Galenina.
Mo Chi Velodia.
Londi Missala.
Mo Chi De Velia.
Mo Chi Velonina.
Mo Chi Velonia.
Mo Chi Colenino.
Mo Rapega Sala.
There are no chance that return to keep glory to God.
save this stranger.
We are not leaving times given for unbelievers.
No, no, no, no, no.
We have retained Lord.
We have retained Lord to keep glory to God.
Shilah dabbosala, loribe kachilah, wonchima namala, woribedida, loribe sandiyoga, wonchima lambo, lemmechamariya, wobideya, wobideya, wobideya, wobideya.
The gates, the presence of God, is already open as you give thanks.
Chilamatola.
Warchichi Chilam.
Lombesita.
You will not be allowed in without thanksgiving.
Come on, go ahead.
Wherever you are.
Lifting your voice and giving him thanks.
You're giving thanks.
You're giving glory.
You are made whole.
You're giving thanks.
You're giving glory.
You are made whole.
We are not waiting for the real topic.
The real topic is Thanksgiving.
Where the no tenda got married?
Where are the rest of the nine?
Shilam da masala.
Roar ami meria.
Roar ami dalia.
Roosilawala.
Chibala mananio.
Where the no tenda was saved?
Where are the rest of the nine?
Go ahead and give him thanks.
Shiloma, chibile de velli.
Mombechimo, mombechimo, mombechimo.
Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile, Mambile,
We are not moving on from tonguesgiving.
We are staying and giving thunks.
We are praying and we are thanking Him.
We are giving Him glory for all that He has done over the week, over the month, over the year, how far He has brought us.
We have returned this morning to give Him all the glory.
Go ahead and give Him thunks.
Chila Nemo, Chila Nemo, Chila Nemo.
What?
Sondi bechila mato que bam.
Huarimin emo si que jalo anemila.
Huam peki salimo la pigalaria.
Huarimin emo si lo bachie que.
Me chiba la ma nimo lo pia.
La riba salimo que bachila bachila bachaloa.
So co palia.
Machi bele mawa.
Huachikele mama.
Mechi sala.
Mephi-sala, Mephi-sala, Mephi-sala, I just see a few hands.
If you can let your hands in the air, and call on God and thank Him, along Beji Beladia, you will be met whole, you will be met whole, as you keep your hands in the air, as you keep your hands in the air, as you keep your hands in the air.
Holy hands lifted, giving thanks to God, giving glory to God, for He is good, His message that you are forever.
Thank Him.
There's thank Him.
Chila Malaria.
Chikubaka.
Chibolochi.
Ochibanamaujala.
Sobigam.
Thank Him because He's expecting your thanksgiving.
Lord Epecida.
We are not leaving the thanksgiving to strangers.
Jesus.
There are not found one to give glory to God.
Save the stranger.
We are thanking you for all that you have done.
We are thanking you for the souls that have been saved.
Oh Jesus, we are thanking you Lord.
We are thanking you for traveling messes.
We are thanking you for defying protection.
We are thanking you for the salvation of our souls.
Just thank Him wherever you are.
All over the place, giving Him thanks.
Great for Christmas.
Chae belebe, chae belebe, chae belebe, chaba.
Long jigae, long jigae, long jigae.
Don't let anybody distract you.
Just giving thanks.
Chae get my wallet.
Sing go jigae la machibo.
Ojibe, Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Ojibe, L'Oj
We have returned this morning.
Oh, we are saying this, thank you.
Thank you for the salvation of souls.
Jesus, we thank you.
Jesus, we thank you for them, Lord.
We have returned to give glory to God.
We are thanking you for defying protection.
We are thanking you for defying lessons.
There are not found one that has returned to keep glory to God.
Save the stranger.
We are not leaving the thanksgiving for strangers, for unbelievers.
We are joining this morning with a grateful heart.
Giving him thanks.
Chayla Melande.
Where are the rest of the nine?
And we are giving you all the glory.
Why don't you give the Lord a shout of praise?
Oh, you don't look excited.
I feel like I'm at the lecture.
I feel like we've come to the hospital, but we are in the presence of the Lord and in the presence of the Lord.
There is fullness of joy.
If you are excited
I'll come somebody this morning, tell somebody nice, tell them it's good to see you on a Sunday morning.
The best place to be on a Sunday morning is the fast love church.
And I'm excited to announce to you that this morning you have come to the prophetic and count our service.
And only so far not your place will happen to you in this service.
If you're excited, put your hands together and you may
Make your seat, amen.
How many of you believe we are going to have a great time this morning if you're excited?
Put your hands together as we welcome the dance and stars.
It's my best, my best, my best.
Maga hu, maga hu, maga hu, maga hu, maga hu, maga hu.
Ba-ga-yu, her-vingo-diyoi, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i, ba-ga-i.
Baddai Baddai Baddai Baddai Baddai Baddai
We all out for the North
powerful administration.
Let's welcome the film star.
You're like my son.
Anyways, now that we've been in your friend's house for some time now, I want to know what you've learned so far.
Oh.
Yes.
I've learned a lot too.
I've learned a lot.
I didn't know this is how life is where you give it.
The whole place is just messed up.
You see, I have.
She was so disorganized.
She even came in rapper.
Who does that?
Who ends up saying this says rapper?
Hey!
Sandra!
Yes.
Omotayo.
Oganegge.
That's my name.
Why?
Why, so you open all the good hospitality skills that your friend showed us and came to serve us different kinds of teeth.
You've not lengthened it now, but you know what, that's your love, she says she's preparing, you know, eat it, let's go.
Let's go.
If you like, don't follow me.
You see.
But Sandra, so when I finally set the table and I came out, I know where to be found.
Oh, I'm very sorry.
My husband had an emergency meeting, so he had to go, and I thought of calling you that he bought.
He asked my memory.
Oh, okay, very sorry, okay.
Anyway, so I bought this for you.
What is this?
It's different flavors of tea.
I was only kidding, though.
You got it on your head.
What are friends for?
Wow, these are lots of seeds.
Yes, I'll especially recommend this one.
Blackberry, white.
What's special?
You see, at that moment with your husband, it relaxes him and you boost things up.
You're coming in.
Is that how you got your baby?
Oh, come on.
My husband, even without the TA, he handles me.
And then when I give him the TA, World War Three.
So let's not even go in.
I'll just hide it.
I'll keep it somewhere.
Wow.
The marriage is good for you.
Oh, it's good for you.
So don't make it sound like it's always one life.
Hey.
Even lemons.
Yes, yes, yes.
All the other types.
You can't try these ones too.
They are all very good.
Thank you.
Good morning.
Yes.
Oh, I mean, Alton, it's time to know already.
Oh, this is my husband's friend.
The one I told you came to stay with us and you still stay.
Yes.
He's name is Steven.
This is my friend, Christine.
Yes.
I am our wife, CA.
I had a meeting this afternoon, okay?
But I got a taste that the Missina has been cancelled, so I'm not going anymore.
Oh, okay.
So, what's for lunch?
Oh, speaking of lunch.
She brought tea, so you can make your choice.
Okay, that's a lot of season.
You know you're basically kitchen, right?
So, I'm pleased though, the kettle is beside the mug, and then the cream is there, there's caramel, there's sugar.
You can't make your choice.
Please, don't move anything.
Don't touch anything.
The water is already inside the castle, okay?
Uh-huh.
Oh, but wait two.
Is this the, the, the starter or the main lunch?
Oh, well, you should see now for lunch.
The trend, so you have to be part of the trend.
Mm-hmm.
Make, make your way to me.
Good boy.
I can't even see you.
I'm very surprised at you.
That's not how it's done.
You are supposed to take the tea to the kitchen yourself.
Well, what's at 100 degrees Celsius?
Set a nice tray with different flavors of sugar, you know, brown whites and other sweetness with the cream on the side.
And then you can't get a jug, pour the hot water in it, and then bring it and serve it before him.
Okay, you don't do this.
What's your name?
I'm speaking with you now.
You came to me.
I can't just leave you.
I'm going to serve you.
Besides, he knows you is your kitchen.
I told you he had been staying with us, so you must have landed direction.
Oh, what's he doing?
Hey, what's he doing?
I'm coming.
He has brought the customer.
Oh, gee, help me.
I will kill someone yesterday.
Hey.
Hey
How are you?
How is the baby?
Oh, everything is fine.
You did that today.
Yes, I did.
I'm running with time.
I have to be somewhere now.
So you tell Omotayo, she just run.
I don't know what's happening there, but I also have to be going.
You tell her, I'll come in.
So soon.
Tell her, I'll call her.
OK. She's running with time.
OK, let me just leave you.
Oh, where's my lovely wife?
Kristin!
Oh, somebody who dies today.
Oh, you, you are here.
You are here.
Have you seen what your vistas don't?
Yes, son, my kitchen upside down.
He has this organized the whole place.
He has broken the blend out.
Hey, he has broken the blend out.
Oh, maybe the Jai Jumeon.
It's because of Blender.
Oh, yes, I will shout.
I will shout.
Your friend came to this house.
He has stolen my house outside now.
What's the meaning of that?
And he say he came from USC.
I'm sure he came from United States of Aubrey.
What kind of rubbish is that?
Hey, hey, hey.
What is that Blender?
That Blender is not my mother.
It's not my mother who gave it to you.
So what is the blender?
I can buy another blender.
What are you saying?
You're standing in the house upside down.
Since your friend came here, this whole place has turned upside down.
He uses the ketchup.
He's got to put it on the left.
He puts it on the right.
He puts the fruits with the chicken.
What does that?
Life would get me started on the bathroom.
No, I'm cool, yeah, yeah.
I'm done.
I'm cool, yeah, yeah.
I'm cool, yeah.
So he listened on the bed, he doesn't drive.
And when he when he show us, he listen so plaid on the wall, he doesn't reach it out.
He has nachos, that's he close there in the bathroom.
He has nachos, but there's a laundry room there.
No, what do you guys want him to do?
I should replace the plan.
So he had the walls, so that I want someone to pour the floor.
What do you guys want him to do?
I want them to tell you, I want them to see right now.
And what's that, Sandra?
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
Ever since my friend came, we have become actors.
When we are arguing, he comes, we are not.
No, no, we are not actors.
Freddie, Freddie, Freddie, Freddie.
Do they know more actors?
Come and stand here.
Let's see the reality show.
This is the reality.
What is this?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about the whole Blender issue.
I didn't... See, don't worry, don't worry.
But you guys should stop acting, eh?
You guys need help.
Anytime you see me coming there, pretend I see we are not fighting, we are fighting, we are not fighting.
It is no good.
We don't need the house help for anything.
We are okay, we don't need the house help.
You are not okay.
You are always fighting.
Fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting.
Anyways, the reason why I came here, the reason why I came here is to tell you that I'm living.
I'm serious, I'm living.
I've had enough.
I've enjoyed my stay too, but I've had enough.
Yes.
It has come to it.
I'm going.
Yeah.
You should just blend that thing.
It's just a minor issue.
And I would have blend that.
I've watched you guys a new one.
It's in the room.
Ooh.
Yes.
And now, wife, I got you a gift too.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Don't worry.
So when my flight is in about two hours,
I'm heading to the airport.
When I get to America, I'll call you.
Thank you.
You didn't even call me to help you, Pak.
You didn't call me to help you, Pak.
He didn't call me to help you.
I don't know the kind of human being you are.
I'm tired of you.
Man, did you have a great time?
Did you enjoy the film stars?
Please take out an offering, take out a very powerful offering.
The Bible says we should be given on source.
When you don't expect anyone to give to you, lift up your offering high above your head as we pray.
Father, we thank you for the blessing to give.
Bless the seed that we are given in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's welcome Ida!
the day of good news.
This is the time to preach about Jesus Christ.
This generation